Add Intune Section to Integration Doc (#471)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/features/integrations.md

To direct Chocolatey package installs, you can still write GPOs to ensure this.

## Microsoft Intune

> Chocolatey's Intune Integration is only available to our Chocolatey for Business customers. It allows you to take any Chocolatey package and `choco convert` them into an intunewin app. It then allows you to then `choco push` your converted Chocolatey packages to your intune tenant for hosting and distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chocolatey's Intune Integration is only available to our Chocolatey for Business customers. It allows you to take any Chocolatey package and `choco convert` it into an intunewin application. It then allows you to `choco push` your converted Chocolatey packages to your Intune tenant for hosting and distribution.

Author: Went with @pauby's recommendations as it seemed more concise. Thanks for the suggestions though.

> Chocolatey's Intune Integration is only available to our Chocolatey for Business customers. It allows you to take any Chocolatey package and `choco convert` them into an intunewin app. It then allows you to then `choco push` your converted Chocolatey packages to your intune tenant for hosting and distribution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Chocolatey's Intune Integration is only available to our Chocolatey for Business customers. It allows you to take any Chocolatey package and convert them into an `.intunewin` format for pushing to your Intune tenant for hosting and distribution.
```

Reviewer 2: intunewin is not an actual thing, it's a format.

Author: Fixed, thanks for the clarification.
